So this is it with this module.
We learned a lot about Node.js, that it uses regular Javascript syntax but adds its own APIs, like
the filesystem, its own packages we can use and does of course not support the browser default APIs
like the DOM or browser storage because it doesn't run in the browser but that instead we run Javascript
in a different environment, on our machine or on any machine where Node.js is installed.
We can also not just use Node.js to run utility scripts like this one, we can use it to set up a HTTP
server, either by doing everything on our own or by tapping into the rich ecosystem that exists
around Node.js, where we have packages and frameworks like Express and other packages together with
Express.js, that allow us to focus on our core business logic and where we don't have to worry about
parsing data and so on.
And there you learned how you can set up a server which returns some server side rendered HTML files
or how you can create a so-called REST API, where you have various endpoints, various URLs you
support on that server that do different tasks depending on the HTTP method path combination that reaches
your server.
You even learned how to store data in a database and get it from there
and with that you should have a good idea of which problem Node.js solves, how it generally works, that
it's just Javascript in the end but with a totally different purpose or giving you totally different
options of what you can do with it
and therefore now you really have a broad overview of Javascript and what you can do with it and where
you can run it and what that means for your applications.